docs/README.md, before:

# Bioinformatics resources and best-practices for plant breeders

This material is maintained by Najla Ksouri, Chesco Montardit, Ernesto Igartua and Bruno Contreras Moreira

##  Summary

Here we review some bioinformatics resources and databases which can be useful in plant breeding and genomics. 
We will use both standalone and Web-based tools and will also review reproducible analysis practices and software benchmarks.

## Contents

|session|title|required time|URL|
|-------|-----|-------------|---|
|1|Annotation of coding sequences|4h|[session 1](./session1.html)|
|2|Analysis of non-coding sequences|4h|[session 2](./session2.html)|
|3|Reproducible analysis practices|2h|[session 3](./session3.html)|
|4|Benchmarks|2h|[session 4](./session4.html)|
|5|Genotyping|3h|[session 5](./session5.html)|
|6|Genome-Wide Association Analysis|2h|[session 6](./session6.html)| 


We post regularly about these and related bioinformatics topics at the [#!/perl/bioinfo](https://bioinfoperl.blogspot.com) blog, mostly in Spanish.

Check also this course to learn how to [script in Linux](https://github.com/eead-csic-compbio/scripting_linux_shell).

Commit message:

added URL of test_data

docs/README.md, after:

# Bioinformatics resources and best-practices for plant breeders

This material is maintained by Najla Ksouri, Chesco Montardit, Ernesto Igartua and Bruno Contreras Moreira

##  Summary

Here we review some bioinformatics resources and databases which can be useful in plant breeding and genomics. 
We will use both standalone and Web-based tools and will also review reproducible analysis practices and software benchmarks.
Test data used in the sessions can be obtained from <https://github.com/eead-csic-compbio/bioinformatics>.

## Contents

|session|title|required time|URL|
|-------|-----|-------------|---|
|1|Annotation of coding sequences|4h|[session 1](./session1.html)|
|2|Analysis of non-coding sequences|4h|[session 2](./session2.html)|
|3|Reproducible analysis practices|2h|[session 3](./session3.html)|
|4|Benchmarks|2h|[session 4](./session4.html)|
|5|Genotyping|3h|[session 5](./session5.html)|
|6|Genome-Wide Association Analysis|2h|[session 6](./session6.html)| 


We post regularly about these and related bioinformatics topics at the [#!/perl/bioinfo](https://bioinfoperl.blogspot.com) blog, mostly in Spanish.

Check also this course to learn how to [script in Linux](https://github.com/eead-csic-compbio/scripting_linux_shell).
